Various geocaching related python tools

cachetools.py
    Analyse the given gpx file and retrieve statistics for the geocaches listed.
    Retrieve online information for badge definitions, geolocation and elevation 
    of caches, trackables found and new geocaches not yet listed in the gpx file.
	
Usage: python cachetools.py <gpxfile> [-f|--forceTBupdate] [-c|--checkUpdate]
	
	- gets settings from a config.cfg file, will generate template if not found (needs at least username and password)
	- will download list of coins and TBs from you geocaching.com account
	- will download list of badges and ranges/conditions from kyle mills website
	- will download list of countries for state badges from kyle mills website
        - will download elevation data for all geocaches
        - will download state district information if not provided

	- all downloads are cached. delete cached files for re-download.
	- use -f or --forceTBupdate to re-download TB and Coin info
	- use -c or --checkUpdate to update local .gpx file with new logs from geocaching.com (premium members only) 
	
	- outputs output.html with badges to be included in profile page or in other tools like GCStatistics


Detailed description:

    General configuration, including username, password, proxy configuration, badge
    definition file name and home coordinates are read from a config.cfg file. A 
    template is generated if no file is found.
    
    Downloaded informations about elevation, geolocation and trackables are cached 
    in the cache.dat file. Use the -f option, delete this file or parts of it to 
    force a re-download.
    
    Badge definition is downloaded on first run and saved as .html file 
    (path given in config.cfg). Delete this file to force re-download.
    
    Use the -c option to update the loaded .gpx file with the newest finds from 
    geocaching.com. Downloaded files are cached for error recovery, but deleted 
    after successful integration in .gpx file. !!THE ORIGINAL gpx FILE IS ALTERED!
    NO BACKUP IS MADE!!!
    
    Extensive statistics are outputed to console. Generated badges are saved to a
    output.html file as a html table.



Attribution:

This software incorporates information retrieved from the openstreetmap database.
Data Copyright OpenStreetMap Contributors, Some Rights Reserved. CC-BY-SA 2.0

This software uses services offered by Mapquest.com
Nominatim Search Courtesy of http://www.mapquest.com/

License:

This software is distributed under the CC Share Alike License
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
Fork it, use it, make it better!